Change region parameter handling (#38)
DVPE-cloud/wadtfy-custom-components: charts/v1beta1/tenantfilesystem/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [2.4.0]

Reviewer: can you add the link on the bottom of this file?

Author: Done

### Change

> * CRD parameter `region` got deprecated. Will removed in the next versions.

Reviewer: >
```suggestion
* CRD parameter `region` got deprecated. Will be removed in the next major version.
```

Author: done
